Refactorization of the SDK (#425)
meilisearch/meilisearch-java: README.md

### JSON <!-- omit in toc -->

#### Default JSON `GsonJsonHandler` <!-- omit in toc -->

> The default JSON library used in the Meilisearch-Java SDK is `Gson`. You can easily use another library with the help of the ready-to-use `JsonHandler` Class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default JSON library is `Gson`. You can however use another library with the `JsonHandler` Class.
```

> *Notes*: We strongly recommend using the `Gson` library.

Reviewer: why?

Author: Because is the one who is test properly

> #### Use a Custom `JacksonJsonHandler` <!-- omit in toc -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using `JacksonJsonHandler` <!-- omit in toc -->
```

> Using the `jackson json` Library:
> Just create a `JacksonJsonHandler` object and send it through the `Config` object to the parameterized client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `JacksonJsonHandler` object and send it through the `Config` object to the parameterized client.
```

`parameterized` ? Is this correct

> send it through the `Config` object

What do you mean? Initialize the config object with the handler?

Author: Yes!

```java
import com.meilisearch.sdk.json.JacksonJsonHandler;

Config config = new Config("http://localhost:7700", "masterKey", new JacksonJsonHandler());
Client client = new Client(config);
```

#### Use a Custom `JsonHandler` <!-- omit in toc -->

> To create your own `JsonHandler`, you will need to make it implement the two methods of the `JsonHandler` class. Then pass it to the `Client`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create your own `JsonHandler`, it has to implement the two methods of the `JsonHandler` class. Then pass it to the `Client`.
```

> implement the two methods of the `JsonHandler` class

Is this not based on an interface? If it is we should ask the user to comply to the interface

Author: Yes it is! I will change that

### JSON <!-- omit in toc -->

#### Default JSON `GsonJsonHandler` <!-- omit in toc -->

The default JSON library is `Gson`. You can however use another library with the `JsonHandler` Class.

*Notes*: We strongly recommend using the `Gson` library.

#### Using `JacksonJsonHandler` <!-- omit in toc -->

> Set up your client by initializing your `Config` with a new `JacksonJsonHandler` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up your client by initializing `Config` with a new `JacksonJsonHandler` object.
```

### JSON <!-- omit in toc -->

#### Default JSON `GsonJsonHandler` <!-- omit in toc -->

The default JSON library used in the Meilisearch-Java SDK is `Gson`. You can easily use another library with the help of the ready-to-use `JsonHandler` Class.

*Notes*: We strongly recommend to use the `Gson` library which is the one that will be best maintained.

#### Use a Custom `JacksonJsonHandler` <!-- omit in toc -->

Using the `jackson json` Library:
Just create a `JacksonJsonHandler` object and send it through the `Config` object to the parameterized client.

```java
import com.meilisearch.sdk.json.JacksonJsonHandler;

Config config = new Config("http://localhost:7700", "masterKey", new JacksonJsonHandler());
Client client = new Client(config);
```

#### Use a Custom `JsonHandler` <!-- omit in toc -->

> To create your own `JsonHandler`, you will need to make it implement the two methods of the `JsonHandler` class. Then pass it to the `Client`.

Author: The `JacksonJsonHandler`? Like in the example:
```java
import com.meilisearch.sdk.json.JacksonJsonHandler;
Config config = new Config("http://localhost:7700", "masterKey", new JacksonJsonHandler());
Client client = new Client(config);
```
After you can use it like a regular client. I also add some tests to check the `JacksonJsonHandler`

```java
    String encode(Object o) throws Exception;

>     <T> T decode(Object o, Class<?> targetClass, Class<?>... parameters) throws Exception;

Reviewer 2: And what about this section? Those method signatures seem to be loose here

Author: I modify the README

return new Client(config);
```

> The `Client(config)` constructor sets the config instance to the member variable. It also sets the 4 other instances namely `gson()`, `IndexesHandler(config)`, `TasksHandler(config)` and `KeysHandler(config)`.

Author: I think it's not even accurate anymore I will recheck the README file
